fix(button): fixing dark theme `danger` variant tokens for accessibility (#862)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/dirty-crabs-tickle.md

---
"@rhds/elements": patch
---

> `rh-button`:
>   - `dark` mode `danger` variant now uses `--rh-color-text-primary-on-light` token for better text readability. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<rh-button>`: improved readability of `<rh-button danger>` in dark color contexts.
```
